movies in short here today we'll discuss
a 2008 drama romance movie called
slumdog millionaire sit back relax and
enjoy
[Music]
eighteen-year-old jamal malik is
detained for questioning and tortured by
mumbai police he is suspected of
cheating on the show who wants to be a
millionaire prior to being detained the
show's host prem kumar introduces the
young uneducated jamal to the audience
telling them that jamal works as a chai
wall at an indian call center the police
inspector arrives at the police station
after jamal has been tortured overnight
and has still not confessed to cheating
police constable srinivas attaches a
battery to jamal's toes attempting to
shock a confession from him when jamal
regains consciousness he tells the
inspector that he knew the answers to
the questions through a series of
flashbacks jamal recounts the incidents
in his life that provided him with each
answer five-year-old jamal lives in the
slums of mumbai and plays cricket with
his older brother celine and their
friends on the airport runway the police
arrive on motorcycles brandishing their
batons and follow the children as they
chase them away jamal and saleem run
through the streets to evade the police
they reach a parked car where they see
the crime boss javikan for the first
time the brothers arrive late for their
lessons and their teacher hits them over
the head with the novel the three
musketeers written by alexander dumas
back at the police station constable
srinivas and the inspector watch the
footage of the show and wait for jamal
to explain how he arrived at the correct
answers on the show kumar explains to
jamal that there are three lifelines to
assist him the first question he asks is
who was the star in the 1973 hit films
anger jamal remembers a childhood
incident answers the question correctly
to win 1 000 rupees as five-year-old
jamal sits in the pit toilet he sees a
helicopter fly overhead as the crowd
shouts that the bollywood star umitab
bakshon has arrived celine places a
chair against the pit toilet door from
the outside locking jamal inside he
looks through the wooden slats and sees
the crowd run towards the helicopter as
it lands jamal reaches into his pocket
for a photo and decides to jump down
through the pit into the sewage he
stands up covered in feces with the
photo safely in his outstretched hand
and runs towards the crowds jamal pushes
his way through the crowd and hands the
photo to the bollywood star saleem
watches as amitabh autographs the photo
and hands it back to jamal at home while
he is being scrubbed cleaned by his
mother celine takes his autograph and
sells it in the present at the police
station the captain continues to watch
the show rerun with jamal's options for
question two on the show jamal decides
to use a lifeline to ask the audience
the captain ridicules his intelligence
the audience answers correctly and jamal
wins 4 000 rupees question 3 for 16 000
rupees is based on god rama and what he
holds in his right hand in a flashback
to his childhood jamal and saleem play
in the river while their mother washes
clothes she notices a group of armed men
approaching the boys watch as she is
killed in the ensuing riot leaving them
alone in the chaos as the brothers run
away to safety they see rama standing in
front of them holding a bow and arrow in
his right hand jamal answers the
question correctly winning 16 000 rupees
the audience applauds loudly jamal and
saleem take shelter from the rain away
from the burning slum
a small girl in a yellow dress has been
following them in stands alone in the
downpour jamal calls latika to join them
and introduces himself and saleem to her
back on the show kumar asks jamal the
fourth question about a song written by
a famous indian poet jamal remembers
that after latika had joined them she
was digging through the landfill waste
hoping to find anything of use she tried
to alert jamal as a yellow van from the
orphanage arrived at the site two men
approached the makeshift tent where the
brothers are sleeping maman wakes the
boys and offers them a bottle of coke
each he is a gangster who trains street
children to become beggars jamal is
excited to travel with latika and saleem
to the orphanage where they see other
children playing mum watches them as the
hungry children sit at the table eating
and chatting amongst themselves the new
intake of children are lined up and told
to sing selene gets very angry when
everyone laughs at his effort mulan
smiles as saleem tries to attack his
henchmen jamal and latika watch from the
van as saleem walks through the group of
orphans asserting his newfound authority
malone is training him to teach the
children how to beg celine takes a baby
from a young girl and hands it to latika
insisting that she take the baby he
tells her that she will earn triple by
holding a crying baby when she begs the
group of orphaned children are then sent
to the streets to beg mama listens to a
young boy sing as saleem stands in the
shadows watching them the boy struggles
as he is chloroformed and then dragged
away towards a burning lamp mullen plans
to blind the children as a blind beggar
brings in more money for him than an
able-bodied one a man slowly heats a
spoon of hot oil over the flame he pours
the oil into the child's eyes saline
turns away and vomits salim hesitates
when momona orders him to collect jamal
he eventually runs to find his brother
jamal and muttika sit talking on the
steps he tells her if maman likes his
singing they will be rich and live in a
big house
together with saleem they will be the
three musketeers salim calls jamal and
latika follows behind as they walk the
brothers call themselves athos and
porthos who are two of the characters in
the novel the three musketeers mohan is
waiting and tells jamal to sing the
devotional song darshan dugansha as
jamal begins to sing salim runs forward
throwing the chloroform into the
henchman's face the men chase the three
children who escape and run towards the
train station the brothers successfully
bore the moving train but latika is
unable to keep up salim grabs her hand
as she runs along the platform but
purposefully lets go of it lying to
jamal that latica had let go she is
recaptured by maman as the train speeds
away jamal wants to get off the train to
save her saleem refuses saying she will
be fine
he explains to jamal that maman intended
to blind him in the present at the game
show jamal gives the correct answer for
the name of the poet who wrote the song
winning 250 000 rupees salim and jamal
travel the country on the trains jamal
stills thinks about latika and saleem
tells him to let it go the brothers make
a living by selling boots to the
travelers as they continue across the
country a few years pass by and the
brothers reach the taj mahal which is
considered to be the finest example of
mughal architecture and is a unesco
world heritage site after joining tour
groups gaining knowledge they each steal
a pair of the shoes left outside by the
tourists before they are allowed to
enter the taj mahal two tourists
approach jamal thinking he is a tour
guide and pay him well jamal then shows
an american couple the tourist sites and
put her pradesh while saleem organizes
the street gangs to strip the couple's
parked car the show for beats and
kickster mall jamal hears classical
music in the distance while he washes
his face in the river after being beaten
he climbs the scaffolding of the seating
for the audience during the concert and
steals the ladies handbags jamal pauses
to watch the opera and sadly remembers
latika as she stood alone on the
platform in present time prem kumar
continues with the next question on the
show who wants to be a millionaire he
asks jamal which american president
features on the 100 bill he replies that
the answer is benjamin franklin as he
sits at the police station the police
constable questions him again as to how
he knew the correct answer in one one
million rupees jamal explains that he
returned to bombay with saleem to search
night and day for latika no one
recognized his description of her or had
seen her jamal walks through the subway
and hears a blind boy singing he stops
to give him a hundred dollar bill the
beggar asks him whose face is on the
bill and jamal describes benjamin
franklin to him the boy arvin recognizes
jamal's voice and tells him to be
careful of mama arvind says that latika
is alive and lives on peeler street she
is now called cherry jamal thanks him
and leaves suleiman and jamal continue
to search the streets and allies for
latica a woman they meet makes a call
and shows the brothers where to go they
burst into a room where latika is
dancing and start to pack her bags as
they turn to leave maman and his
henchmen arrive at the door he asks them
if they really thought they would get
away with latika his prized possession
saleem pulls out a gun and orders mum
onto his knees demands money and then
shoots him back on the show kumar asked
jamal who invented the revolver he
replies correctly that it was samuel
colt winning two and a half million
rupees in a flashback celine leaves the
hotel room they ran to after shooting
muman he goes looking for javed the
crime boss he draws his gun and tells
jabez henchmen that he killed maman
javed walks up behind saleem and tells
him he has been looking for someone like
saleem to join his organization in the
hotel room jamal tells latika that he
had never forgotten her and it was their
destiny to be together saleem arrives
back at the room and tells latika to go
with him ordering jamal to get out as
jamal shouts in the passage saleem opens
the door with a gun pointed at his
brother saying the man with the cult 45
says shut up latika comes to the door
and quietly asks from all to leave salim
closes the door in his face we can only
imagine what happens with latika after
the door closes and under the rule of
java the next few years in present time
in custody the police inspector asks
jamal if he ever saw them again which he
hasn't jamal tells him that latika is
the most beautiful woman in the world
jamal tells the inspector that while he
was at work serving tea at the call
center his colleague asked him to sit in
for him briefly telling him he was on
millionaire duty after jamal disconnects
a call he searches the center's database
for salim and latika jamal finally
connects to saleem who recognizes his
voice and they arrange to me in a
flashback to the game show jamal is
asked in which uk city cambridge circus
is situated by process of elimination he
decides on the city of london he is
correct and wins five million rupees
jamal goes to meet saleem at a high rise
construction site as saleem walks
towards him jamal punches him and calls
him a liar telling him he will never
forgive him celine tells jamal that all
the buildings and construction sites on
the former slum belong to javik khan he
learns that saleem is a high-ranking
lieutenant in javed's crime organization
and confronts him while jamal is staying
at saleem's apartment he hears saleem
pray for forgiveness for his sins before
he goes to meet with javed jamal lies
his way into javed's residence to
reunite with latika by pretending to be
a dishwasher jamal and latika embrace
each other and jamal tells her i found
you she asks him why he is there and he
replies to see you latika says he sees
her and now what the show who wants to
be a millionaire is on tv
jamal asks why everyone loves the
program latika replies that it provides
a chance to escape and to walk into
another life javed arrives home not
recognizing jamal thinking he is a cook
he demands a sandwich jamal quietly asks
latika to leave with him and tells her
they will live on love when he says
saleem will help them she asks why he
still believes in saleem javed
approaches latika and spits out his
sandwich asking her what is this [ __ ] as
jamal leaves latika asks him to forget
her he says no one promises he will wait
at the vt station at five o'clock every
day until she joins him he tells her he
loves her
she says it's too late back at the game
show kumar asks jamal which cricketer
has scored the most first class
centuries in history he reminds him that
he will lose everything with the wrong
answer jamal remembers a specific qriket
game related to the question and thanks
of latika he hands back the last check
kumar gave to him indicating that he
wants to continue the game jamal arrives
at the crowded vt train station at 5 15
and searches for latica he sees her on
the other side of the train and calls
her name latika attempts to join him but
she is captured by javed's men led by
celine jamal watches her being driven
away at knifepoint during a commercial
break kumar meets jamal in the men's
room telling him he will win although
jamal says he does not know the answer
to the question he attempts to trick
jamal by writing b on the mirror before
he leaves the room jamal joins kumar
back on stage to answer the penultimate
question he decides to use his 50 50
lifeline and the computer removes two
wrong answers the question is worth 10
million rupees and he has to choose
between options b and d jamal chooses d
as his final answer it is the correct
answer as kumar begins to ask jamal the
final question worth 20 million rupees
their time is up they will continue with
the show the following evening kumar
meets jamal in the passage and walks
with him to the exit where the police
are waiting to arrest him all for
cheating at the police station the
constable says that after watching the
show footage he finds jamal's answers
and explanation bizarrely plausible he
tells jamal that he is too truthful to
be a liar and that the investigation is
over as the inspector leaves the room
jamal tells him that he doesn't know
where javed has taken motika he tells
the inspector after he had lost contact
with her he decided to go on the show as
he thought she'd be watching latika sees
jamal on the news and turns to see
saleem watching her javit approaches as
saleem is deep in thought as he
continues to watch the tv javid changes
the show to a music channel and orders
the women in the room to dance latika
cries as she watches the show in another
room
saleem follows her he hands her his car
keys and tells her to leave as there
won't be another chance javed paces up
and down in the passage talking on his
phone latika tell saleem that javed will
kill him when he finds out
saleem says he will take care of him and
hands her his phone he apologizes for
what he has done to her and asks her
forgiveness latika picks up her yellow
scarf and leaves
saline wishes her a good life as ludtika
makes her get away with the phone on the
seat beside her saline goes to the
bathroom and poses the door behind him
back at the police station constable
srinivas throws a glass of water over
jamal and informs that he is back on the
show jamal is released and driven
through the crowds and the media to
rejoin the show as jamal arrives at the
tv station he is surrounded by the
public who wish him well let's makes her
way through the crowds in the street
towards an electronic shop where she
watches the show kumar asks jamal if he
is ready for the final question to win
20 million rupees
when jamal says he is the audience and
the crowds gathered in the streets cheer
for the final question jamal is asked
the name of the third musketeer he
recalls being hit over the head with the
book by his teacher he laughs
remembering when he tried to convince
saleem that latika could be their third
musketeer jamal uses his phone a friend
lifeline to call saleem
it is the only phone number he knows
latika is watching the show on one of
the tvs in the street and realizes that
saleem gave his phone to her before she
left
she runs to the car to answer the call
latika answers and tells jamal that she
is safe although she does not know the
answer jamal chooses aramis he is
correct at the same time saleem sits in
a bathtub filled with money waiting for
java and his men to break down the
bathroom door he kills javed the men
kill saleem who says god is great before
he dies jamal receives the winner's
check for 20 million rupees and leaves
for the vt station to wait for latica
they meet on the platform at the train
station and jamal kisses the scar on her
face he tells latika it is written that
this is their destiny don't forget to
subscribe and turn on the notification
bell if you want to watch more videos
like this thanks and see you again soon
[Music]
you